Enhance dynamic membership examples for users (#1910)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/users/groups-dynamic-membership.md

```
user.assignedPlans -any (assignedPlan.service -eq "SCO" -and assignedPlan.capabilityStatus -eq "Enabled")
```

> ##### Example 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Example 3
```
Restore the blank line before this heading (markdownlint MD022/MD031: headings and code fences need surrounding blank lines).

> The following expression selects all users who do not a service plan associated with Intune, or have that service plan disabled. This covers both situations where no SCO plan is assigned, or the SCO plan is disabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following expression selects all users who don't have a service plan associated with the Intune service (`SCO`), or who have that service plan disabled:
```
Adds the missing verb ("don't have"), drops the redundant second sentence and trailing space, and ends with a colon to match the other examples.

```

> -not (
>   user.assignedPlans -any (assignedPlan.service -eq "SCO" -and assignedPlan.capabilityStatus -eq "Enabled")
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user.assignedPlans -all (assignedPlan.service -ne "SCO" -or assignedPlan.capabilityStatus -ne "Enabled")
```
Optional. The standalone `-not ( ... -any ... )` form isn't shown in the rule-syntax docs (though it tested for you). If you prefer the documented idiom, this `-all` form is equivalent and matches the `-all` style used in the "no assigned service plan" example just below.

```

> ##### Example 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Example 4
```
Add a blank line between the code block and this heading (MD022/MD031).
